it reaches its thirteen
today I am a beautiful moon
monkey makeup
whatever you want to call it but they simón a
carnivals approach and have said for
what not and how my costume is cute these
carnivals I said then I'm going to
teach how I'm going to paint myself monkey
I hope you enjoy it and that you laugh
because the carnival is like that and I to me
love and I love to disguise myself
love to paint leave me face
everything that comes from there I see for
sofía they signed up so I do
this with a lot of hope with
very much desire and good that I hope that
you like it and enjoy this video well
that inside good video we started
applying we burn down the face so that
it's easier to take off makeup
I bought a
children put on makeup and with this
and the
with the yellow color I frame all the
outline rounds my eyes my nose and
mouth and finally the chin and in the
area of ​​the forehead we perform as a
heart
now we fill all its interior with
yellow color I first tried with a
sponge that comes the ume said a
little bit in water and I did not like it because
it covered well so well I ended up
doing it with the paint pencil
going to the brown color we perform the
same way with less brand
and now we fill all the little boat
now that we will mark our eyes without encouragement
and we will create the effect but with it
the nose we give green and crochet
fat is
let's go monkey
i
Y
It is very important to emphasize the eyes and
Eyebrows
You have seen that we are witnessing is
they start the funniest
yes
in this video
that if the costumes of monkeys also
it's good that this idea has served you
I am very
and enjoy them
have a great time and I who do not
so much
I do not feel anything
and very, very much
I do not send millions of titles
ah
how
your heart